hello little friends of the forest initiative the
entity through through hello
little friends of the forest let's play a
agenda that means to love unjust this
game told me a friend game what but
Record but do not play without before
record and when you go to play great
part please -three this little bean
visits for you
well let's play it be said
line
10 - Well, let's start with the
first hard ok perfect to bastard fac
but in saint luke moore and for the first
time 200 was my mistake I thought that it
I dedicated to that fart
although I do not have to be perfect
I want to avoid that let's go
well it does not matter we're going to give it again
the chinita I fell forgiving I fell down
I fell
although I already want and then we jump
in front to have a jump is so much
mario ok
okay
to
6 deaths
after the web garden does not matter
although you want perfect but I hope
what for you for you
you know it came out a peak is true chinita no
I fell
Pepe Pepe Perez Perez
do not forget anyone
tere tere t
t
tere tere I'm sad
ah
/ t of t of t
but if you are perfect makes forget
although prepare to jump over you
although now we go up here
and one of two we have to fall here here
where I put the mouse or jump up here
h
in the world
and I did not fall
okay
in my mind
and
damn it
all right
ok we jump all this
Y
I do not know if it's flying
yes the reds she